well here's the David Brown 12:12
that we're fixing for a guy for in
exchange for hundred gallons of diesel
fuel well here's a differential off of
it big tires
only call them big for a tractor but
anyways here's your Justin drink out of
the differential that's all broken like
that's what the circular and then it's
wrecked into this half and it sets the
carrier bearing preload I think
something around there Oh main thing
wants to chain get this planetary so
it'll turn because it sees and the brake
is burnt off and this bolt off of the
breakdown completely missing well anyway
we got it so far apart and then look
what we found
trouble it doesn't work did you see that
see that line there that's a crack it
was all the way down here I'll go put
your knife
hey sniff it out don't wait
we're in have more time try to find
something the cord grew breasts okay
that's a crack that's a crack that's a
crack that crack extends up to top there
so the cracks cracked all the way down
there but that's not good so this
tractor we're assuming is done unless
the owner wants to pay for this is this
all this stuff in here to get fixed
properly I'll be round forward around
not counting this front piece so it's
probably toast